Okay, I want to talk to you about the
importance of forking an application
inside of GitHub. Now there's a couple of things that we can do here and the main
reason I want you to consider forking
the source code as you work through my
courses, is because it will get a copy of
the source code over to your repository
and then that builds up some history in
your repository and it's something that
you can share with a potential employer. So it gives you a chance to show a
source code that you did in the project. So as you work through I highly
recommend going through and forking the
repository and checking in your
assignments and whatnot as you work
through the course. So that this will
build up a history of your software
development activity inside of GitHub
and then later when you're going for a
position with the Spring framework, this
is something that you can use to show a
prospective employer that you have been
working with the Spring framework and
show off some of the projects that
you've built along the way in my courses. So I'm going to step through and show you
exactly how to do it. So I have up in in
Chrome here the recipe application, the
spring5 recipe app and what you want
to do is take this URL copy it over and
this URL is going to be in the course
notes as well and I'm going to come over
here and this is a different GitHub
account. So I've got two GitHub accounts.
One is my Spring Framework guru account
and then I have an old personal GitHub
account. So what I want to do is come
into here and now come up here and fork
my own copy and we can see it's going to
take just a couple minutes for GitHub to
go out and create that copy. Now this is
a complete copy of that project that
I've been working on and you've been
working on. So we created that a little
bit ago in the course and you can see
that it is a full copy. So right now we
only have one additional branch in there
and we will be building that out through
the application as we go through the
course. So when you do this, this
repository is going to have a lot more
in it, a lot more branches that we can
work with. But when you fork it,
you're going to get a copy
every branch in that and so you'll be
able to switch through and see the
changes from one branch to another. You
also will be able to work with that as well
and you'll be able to do divs and
things like that inside of GitHub and
see any changes in it and any deletes between
the branches as you progress through the
course. Now one other thing that you may
want to do and this is an optional step
and I will include these links. So this
is directions up on GitHub right at the
top here depending on your operating
systems. Mac, Windows or Linux. I am on the
Mac tab, it defaulted to that for me and
it's got directions about working out
the repository and I just showed you
exactly how to do that but if you want
to sync that to get any changes that I
make, now I will be going in and updating
the Spring versions on the branches as
things get releases. As major releases to
get that make sure that things are
working with later versions of Spring. So
I may go in and update that and make
minor changes that aren't going to
impact the flow of the course. If you
want to bring those changes down and
this is kind of important stuff
here is. It does show you how to create a
local clone but down here on step 3, it
starts talking about how to set up that
sync. And what you want to do here, you
can see if we do a git remote -v and I
believe that stands for view, it's going
to show you the origin and what we want
to do is add in another remote. So and
this is going to call it upstream . So if
you do get remote add upstream and then
this area here would be the URL for my
original git repository. Now you can see
yours is going to be the origin and my
original repository will be an upstream
repository. So that creates the
links to them and then the second link
that we need to look to is just syncing
a fork and I have that already opened up
in another tab. And what we want to do is
do a git fetch upstream. And then number five we're going to
merge upstream master or whatever
happened, whatever branch we want to be
on to any of your local branches. So this
is a way for you to bring down and merge
in any changes that I have made since
you started the course. Ever since you
created the fork. Tips here, the second
step as far as syncing up with my
original branches is completely optional
and once the course is up and running
there's not going to be a lot of changes
so you may or may not to do this. So it's
completely optional stuff but I'm going
to leave these links in here so you know
about it and you know how to do it if
you want to grab any changes that I make
to the branches after I publish the course.